

Breakdown:Living My Dream>

IMAGE A1
IMAGE A2

Mixed aspect frames

Text 1:

I used mixed aspect frame ratios with a shift from 1.50 to 1.66 to 1.78(common 16x9). I wanted to make the frame feel claustraphobic with character boxing up using 1.55 frame. 

IMAGE A3

Text 2:

I wanted to make the character feel like a small powerless thing moved by force of air using 1.78 frame. 
 
IMAGE A4, A5, A6

Opposite of warm cool/ orange cyan look.

Text3

The fact that orange cyan can be pleasing to the human eye means the opposite colors should make uncomfortable on the human eye. So we tried putting magenta and green as a replacement of orange and cyan. 

To make an effect in rising uncomfortability of story we dialed levels of Magenta and Green with a curve node in timeline mode with keyframing it for dialing up of the node strength

Breakdown:Macha repeat it>

Moving text pictures

There are converters which can convert an image luminance value to appropriate text character resulting a close image in text style. I used Ascgen 2 to convert images to that style by rendering video into Jpeg's and manually converted one by one and made those pictures into video. .... There are other converters available which can do more styles and this is something grabbed my eye.




Resources for screenwriters>
Storytelling>>

The Art of Dramatic Writing
- Lajos Egri

The Anatomy of Story 
- John Truby

Malcom gladwell masterclass
R.L stine masterclass
Margret atwood masterclass

Pixars 22 rules of storytelling
youtube.com/QuotidianWriter

Craft of screenwriting>>

Screenplay
- Syd Field

Screencraft.com
filmcourage.com
Genre

Thriller>>>
James patterson masterclass
Dan brown masterclass

Comedy>>>
Judd Apatow masterclass
Steve Martin masterclass

Resources for cinematographers>
shanehurlburt.com
cinematography masterclass from learncinematography.com(best for jump starts)
Visual storytelling by alex buono
Visual storytelling2 by alex buono

Joseph V.Mascelli - The Five C's Of Cinematography 
Master shots vol I, II, III.
Blair brown - Cinematography theory and practice
John Alton - Painting with light
Wrightsville Beach Studios - LIGHTING for Film and Television


Resources for Film editing>

Foundations of Video - The Art of Editing by Norman Hollyn on Lynda.com
Psychological Editing in Adobe Premiere ProPluralsight
Filmeditpro.com
In the blink of an eye by Walter murch


Resources for Sound>
Wrightsville Beach Studios - SOUND for Film and Television
Joseph Evans, Lee Evans The Write Hook Jr-Music Licensing For Beginners - Get Your Music in TV
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeVYU7iwesVUgV8qiwFRI2w
https://www.linkedin.com/learning/adobe-audition-mixing-music-and-dialog

